c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\ServiceStackAuth.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\ServiceStackAuth.pdb
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\ServiceStack.Common.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\ServiceStack.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\ServiceStack.OrmLite.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\ServiceStack.OrmLite.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\ServiceStack.Redis.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\ServiceStack.ServiceInterface.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\ServiceStack.Text.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\SimpleInjector.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\SimpleInjector.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\ServiceStack.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\ServiceStack.Common.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\ServiceStack.Interfaces.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\ServiceStack.Redis.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\ServiceStack.Text.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\SimpleInjector.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\SimpleInjector.Diagnostics.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\obj\Debug\ServiceStackAuth.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\obj\Debug\ServiceStackAuth.dll
c:\users\tim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\obj\Debug\ServiceStackAuth.pdb
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Git\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\ServiceStackAuth.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Git\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\ServiceStackAuth.pdb
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Git\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Git\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Git\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\ServiceStack.Common.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Git\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\ServiceStack.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Git\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Git\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\ServiceStack.OrmLite.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Git\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\ServiceStack.OrmLite.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Git\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\ServiceStack.Redis.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Git\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\ServiceStack.ServiceInterface.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Git\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\ServiceStack.Text.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Git\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\SimpleInjector.Diagnostics.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Git\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\SimpleInjector.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Git\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Git\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Git\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Git\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Git\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Git\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Git\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Git\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Git\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Git\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\ServiceStack.xml
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Git\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\ServiceStack.Common.xml
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Git\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\ServiceStack.Interfaces.xml
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Git\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\ServiceStack.Redis.xml
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Git\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\ServiceStack.Text.xml
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Git\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\SimpleInjector.xml
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Git\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\SimpleInjector.Diagnostics.xml
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Git\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Git\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Git\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Git\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Git\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Git\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Git\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Git\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Git\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Git\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Git\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\obj\Debug\ServiceStackAuth.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Git\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\obj\Debug\ServiceStackAuth.dll
C:\Users\Tim\Documents\Git\ServiceStackAuth\ServiceStackAuth\obj\Debug\ServiceStackAuth.pdb
